DOC-2134-2: Refactor Kubernetes CENM deployment page in CENM and CE docs (#582)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/1.3/cenm/deployment-kubernetes.md

### Prerequisites

* Your local machine operating system should be Linux, Mac OS, or a Unix-compatible environment for Windows
(for example, [Cygwin](https://www.cygwin.com/)) as the deployment uses Bash scripts.

* The deployment process is driven from your local machine using a Bash script and several third-party tools:
  * [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest)
  * [Kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)
  * [Helm](https://helm.sh/)

> * The [Deploy your network](#deploy-your-network) section provides links to installation guides of the required tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Deploy your network](#deploy-your-network) section provides links to installation guides for the required tools.
```

The reference deployment for Corda Enterprise Network Manager runs on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) hosted on Microsoft Azure Cloud. You must have an active Azure subscription to be able to deploy CENM.
Microsoft Azure provides a dedicated service to deploy a Kubernetes cluster - [Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/). The Kubernetes cluster must have access to a private Docker repository to obtain CENM Docker images.

> * The CENM Command-Line Interface (CLI) tool is required so you can connect to, and manage CENM (however, this is not required for deployment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The CENM Command-Line Interface (CLI) tool is required to connect to and manage CENM. It is not required for deployment.
```

## Appendix A: Docker Images

> Visit the [platform support matrix](../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/platform-support-matrix.html#docker-images) for information on Corda Docker Images for version 1.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [platform support matrix](../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/platform-support-matrix.html#docker-images) for information on Corda Docker Images for version 1.3.
```
